-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-
Just eat it.
It's a hamburger.
Drink this too.
Do you have somewhere to go?
You know how to do dishes. right?
Honey.
I can't work for a while anyway.
I can't give you money.
Instead. I'll feed you and let you sleep here.
You're here.
Let's just listen.
Where did you go again?
You were gone for a whole week.
It's not just a day or two.
Why are you suddenly curious about that?
Extermination.
Huh?
I just caught some bugs.
Give it to me.
So clumsy.
Honey.
Did you have a good trip?
Thank you. Quickly. sit down.
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
Help me!
Don't kick me out.
Please just let me stay here.
- I did something wron...
- It's okay.
I just killed a bug.
Fingernail.
Your name is Fingernail from now on.
Mister. what are you doing?
What are you staring at?
An adult is standing. why don't you quickly get up?
You rude jerk. where are you...
Why are you burying your head in your phone and ignoring me. huh?
Mister. I'm pregnant. This is a priority seat for pregnant women.
How much is inside your belly.
Or if it's just grease from eating fried chicken and jokbal.
How would I know?
Show me.
Ah. why are you doing this?
I told you I'm pregnant!
No. there's also a mister sitting in the pregnant women's seat over there.
- Why are you doing this to me?
- Just. hmph!
What are you staring at? Damn.
Girls these days.
Don't even get married. huh?
Don't even have kids.
And just try to suck money from men. huh?
They only talk about being pregnant when it's convenient for them. huh?
- What?
- Ah. please be quiet.
What!
'...It's on the right.'
'Those going to Gumin Hospital
Please exit at this station.'
- Oh. I...
- Ah. is this old woman crazy. damn.
So unlucky. damn.
Sticking so close. damn. tsk.
- I'm getting off.
- Just a moment. I'm getting off.
Oh. really.
- Ugh.
- Just a moment.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me. Mister.
It's not me. it's not me.
Excuse me. sir.
Right?
Hey. my son. huh?
You said you'd do it for him.
- Client. you shouldn't do this.
- Please. just one more time?
- Just a moment. let me talk.
- You can't do this here.
No. this is Shinsung Extermination. right?!
- Oh. no. you've come to the wrong place.
- Let me talk for a moment.
Oh. Ms. Jo-gak.
Sansevieria is easy to grow. I told you.
It's great for beginners. really!
Ah. I really bought it because of godmother. why won't you take it?
No. it even blooms and you only water it twice a year.
Huh?
Oh. for goodness sake.
- Even if I say something good is good. like this...
- Oh my.
Only people who can grow plants should grow them.
I have a black thumb. so I'm worried it'll die. so please take it today.
Cho-yeop-ah.
You only ever see that bright red thing. huh?
Look at this green too.
And see other worlds too.
It's excessive female hormones. excessive.
And why do you take care of godmother so much?
She's a person who doesn't even give a glance.
How would you know?
- The weight of past years.
- The weight of time.
That's right.
Stop wearing that fake watch.
- Ugh. the quality is really bad.
- Hey. this is real.
Oh. you're here?
- Oh. hello.
- Oh.
Hey. Manager Son. long time no see.
Ah. hyung-nim. shall we talk for a moment?
This isn't extermination. it's just
An emotional revenge hit. isn't it?
No. the other party
Is a complete scumbag who destroyed the soul of a loyal wife of 30 years.
Eliminating such blood-sucking venomous insects.
If that's not extermination. then what is extermination?
Every day. pain accumulates like mileage.
It's stacking up steadily. they say.
Did you take anything from the client?
No matter how much I refused. they said to use it for a good cause. what could I do?
They were crying and clinging.
If we don't have this kind of funding.
How can our Shinsung Extermination stay in business?
- If the godmother finds out...
- Hyung-nim.
- Flies are pests. right?
- Huh?
Because they always feed on corpses and spread dirty germs.
They are.
Since the Mesozoic Era. traveling across continents.
Diligently spreading pollen.
Maintaining the ecosystem of this Earth we live on.
They are beneficial insects. beneficial insects.
What if it's maggots? What if it's a cesspool?
It becomes food for us.
You just need to collect the ring and bring it back.
Let's pretend I didn't hear that.
Hyung-nim.
The surgery finished well.
Wow. you did a difficult thing.
When you see injured kids. you feel pity.
But actually getting your hands bloody to rescue them.
- It's not easy.
- Then I'll be off.
Excuse me. doctor.
But this one is such an old dog.
Shelters probably won't take him easily.
Adoption is also difficult.
So. there's a high chance he'll be euthanized. you know?
So. could you please make a call yourself?
What?
If the person who rescued him contacts them directly. they can't refuse easily.
Do you normally do things like this?
Being abandoned because you're old and sick is too cruel. isn't it?
He's already been abandoned once. right?
It's okay. it's okay. you'll meet a good person.
Just a moment.
Stay. stay. stay. stay. just stay still.
Yeah. Bobby. why? Bobby.
Um. but does this hurt a lot?
No. I heard that. like. they just cut them open while they're alive.
So there's no scar here.
I'll stitch it up nicely and neatly. so don't worry too much.
Oh. save me. save me.
- No blood. you bastard.
- I was wrong.
Argh. you f***ing bastard. you scared me. damn.
I'm sorry.
No. there's nothing to be afraid of. It's okay. it's okay.
Are you perhaps willing to sell a cornea?
Suddenly?
This is awkward.
The client pleaded so much.
How much for a pair?
5.000 for a kidney.
Including this. I'll add 3 more.
- 3.000?
- Yeah.
- Ha. 3.000 is a bit...
- Why. why. why?
Look. mister.
I'd be one-eyed for life. what can I do with 3.000?
Huh?
No. the price of glasses has gone up so much. why are eyes still the same as 10 years ago. huh?
Alright. then I'll...
I'll give you a big one. for real.
10.
1 billion?
10 seconds.
To take your neck.
You son of a bitch!
Argh. you bastard. my eye!
Ah. why. why are you doing this? Ham... Who sent you?
I heard you had an eye plucked out recently. huh?
Scamming other people's clients.
Did Daerim-dong. President Park. did that bastard send you?
Why did best friends cut in line?
You two will meet soon. Reconcile in hell.
Ah. President Park also died. died?
No. still. there must be a purpose for you doing this. a purpose...
Purpose?
To become famous.
A lot of nerves gather here. how is it?
Sa... Save...
I don't know how to do that.
The way I know is.
Slowly and painfully.
Where did he go?
What is it?
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop! Oh. stop!
Okay. oh! Stop!
You've trespassed. in someone else's business.
Ah. you're tough. as expected.
Did you come here because of the rumors?
President Han. the big shot from Banpo.
Chairman Yoon from Dongtan. and today. even President Gu. huh?
Your hands are very skillful like this.
Isn't it a waste to only use them for street fights?
Ah. are you a sasaeng fan?
Goodbye.
Uh. uh? Wait. wait!
Uh. uh. uh? Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait. let's talk. huh?
Let's settle with this.
It's expensive for me. are you sure?
Oh. why do you keep doing this when I said no?
Why. why!
That guy is worse than a bug. isn't he!
Then why are you saying no!
Oh. I understand what you're saying. but this isn't that kind of place. really.
Why are you saying no. no?
I'll do everything you ask. so please kill him.
Oh. please go. please. ah. go...
Oh. I can't go.
If I can't kill that bastard Hanseong.
My son. my poor son. I can't go.
Please. I beg you...
Have you eaten?
If not. let's eat together.
Isn't it annoying?
No. you just do it with the app and it's over.
Only godmother is like this.
Ugh. when am I going to input all of this?
Did you clean up thoroughly?
CCTV. witnesses. anything suspicious?
No.
Ah. the client is a bit much too.
They could have done it somewhere quiet. but they had to do it where there were so many people.
- And openly asked for extermination.
- Don't worry.
He'll leave on his own before being called a useless eater.
So sensitive.
Is this the case with the woman at the entrance?
Ah. it's nothing much.
I was introduced to her as Madam Hong.
Her son's girlfriend was scammed by drug addicts.
Died of drug shock.
And her son went to pick her up there and was lynched. now a vegetable.
Hmph. it's truly infuriating.
It's delicate in many ways. so Manager Son rejected it. alright?
And I've booked a health check-up at Jang Hospital.
Now they say to follow procedures.
It was overtly ostentatious. though.
Like saying. 'Recognize me.' huh?
Also. circling the target and gnawing away at them as much as possible.
Just before they go crazy.
You work in the most painful way.
That's why your nickname is Bullfighter. huh?
Prologue done.
What's the main point?
In short. instead of meaningless and unimpressive murders like that.
He's saying we should use our good skills for justified extermination. like us.
Extermination.
Is he asking me to catch bugs or something?
That's right. cockroach-like beings that plague our society.
To completely eradicate them.
And save those who suffer. that's our job.
Oh my.
Is this the Hall of Salvation?
Hey. I can't just go like this.
This bastard!
Oh. I'll kill you before I go.
Ah. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Mr. Bullfighter. if you play around. you'll get hurt.
Whoa. whoa.
First. I know this place is very serious.
Uh. the kid didn't know and just played a little trick.
Please just let it go.
You should be more selective about who you take.
There are many protein precipitates in your cerebrospinal fluid.
Are your limbs trembling or anything like that recently?
No. I'm fine.
Looking at the color here.
The signal denaturation is quite severe.
Please don't tell the company for now.
That's difficult.
Then today might be the last time we see each other.
What's the next extermination?
You shouldn't overdo it.
When was there something that wasn't overdoing it?
Ah. stubborn old man.
Ugh. where did you hide it?
Ugh. damn it!
Just eat quietly. why are you so noisy!
Smell.
Why live? Why live?
Why did this fall out?
Who are you!
Why are you doing this? I'll do anything you want!
Those old people must have done everything you told them to too.
Why did you kill them?
Ah!
That old lady Park Gyeong-bok. you mean?
Oh. sir. boss.
All of that was dismissed by the police. you know.
Why didn't you just get punished by the police instead?
Depart.
'The train will arrive shortly...'
Dad.
Eunho.
I'm not Dad.
Eunho. I'm not Dad.
What's wrong? Huh?
What's wrong? Making me dizzy.
Huh?
You'll be forgetful too when you're my age.
In this accident. a woman in her 40s in the passenger car died.
According to witness testimony.
before the accident. a man presumed to be the suspect.
lingered around the victim's car for a while.
The culprit stopped the car at this intersection.
and knowing a train was coming.
left the unconscious victim and got out alone.
- Yes.
- Afterwards. the suspect.
- All sorts of things happen.
- chased the witness.
and fled after reaching the front of a nearby police station.
Police presume this case to be a murder disguised as a suicide.
and have switched to a public investigation.
focusing on securing the identity of the suspect.
presumed to be in his mid-50s. Goodbye.
You're 10 minutes early for the appointment?
I'm someone who moves by minutes and seconds.
Didn't Jo Du-hyeon give you prior training?
That person is more rude than I thought...
What is it?
To dishonor Jang-bi Hyung-nim. who dedicated his life to disinfection. like this.
It's not like I'm comfortable with it either.
Still. isn't it true that a single pebble can overturn a car?
Rules are rules.
- I'll get a professional.
- I'll do it.
Godmother?
Well. if you do that. I'd be grateful.
Godmother. but how will you find him?
That guy's destination is obvious.
Anyway. old folks require a lot of effort.
Will it be okay?
The...
Weight of time.
Oh. you're here?
Oh dear.
Oh. how was it? Was it okay?
Well. I pulled out a bothersome tooth.
Doesn't look like you were waiting for me.
Ah. damn it!
What is it?
I told you to collect the ring. but you brought the whole finger.
Check if there are 28 segments.
Manager.
Can we talk for a moment?
Did the Godmother come to collect me?
What an honor.
Why did you do it?
I saw Eunho.
Eunho died. 10 years ago.
If our Eunho hadn't met that pastor. I wouldn't have been so angry.
The world wouldn't have made me angry.
Then my life would have been different. right?
I walked because there was a path.
What's so great about living or dying?
Just go. please!
Kill me before you go.
You think I can't kill you?
You think I can't kill you!
I told you not to get excited.
- Your vision halves.
- Don't you know?
Not everyone can live as coldly as you. sis!
You ruined the job by being swayed by emotions.
So you die according to the rules.
Sorry. but I was going to quit after this one!
I was going to open a chicken shop and live by tending to flowers!
So... Ugh!
Ah. I thought I was going to die of boredom.
What are you?
Who are you?
We must have met before.
Move. this is my business.
It's my business too.
Did Manager Son send you?
To the Lighthouse?
If you had done your job properly. I wouldn't have had to step in like this.
They called you a legend.
but your hair is gray and you have wrinkles.
How can you be so old already?
Shut up.
I don't need it. Lighthouse or whatever.
Then you can finish up yourself.
Since it's your job.
When it's time to go.
they say the person you missed will come to meet you.
My daughter.
said it's enough.
and came to meet me. saying Dad did enough.
Hey. ah...
The call is not being answered. After the beep. please leave a message...
Sir. he's not answering again.
- Let's just go.
- No. I'll finish the job and go.
What if something happened?
He hasn't answered the phone all day.
Never.
I told you not to hold back with the blade.
- No matter who the opponent is.
You're getting soft by listening to others. so this is what happens.
Remember.
Don't shoot a butterfly with a gun.
What!
Let's go now.
Don't move. I've given you temporary treatment...
What's the trick?
I heard a sudden brake and saw.
A car was stopped by the roadside.
I checked just in case. and the elder was there.
They fainted. saying absolutely no to the hospital.
It's an 8cm laceration. including a stab wound to the right latissimus dorsi.
but it's near organs. so if it were a little deeper.
you wouldn't be seeing me now.
Please forgive me for cutting your clothes with scissors. as the blood was sticking everywhere.
My belongings?
I've kept them safe.
You shouldn't do this. You're already bleeding heavily...
Ha. come on. just bear with it for a bit.
Today's work.
everyone has their own story.
Nurses will be in soon. Wear this.
I'll get you some medicine too.
You're a bit late?
They put the Lighthouse on it.
Why?
Did you not trust me?
Ah. the waves are high.
It would be a big problem if our Godmother got swept away.
You're a precious asset of Sinseong Disinfection.
Wow. this is like this.
Why isn't the knife sharp?
This knife looks a bit dull.
but it still seems quite usable.
Looking at the situation.
it seems like you're just picking up anyone off the street and making them do this and that.
Our work is a sacred task of eradicating malignant pests.
For example. taking ordinary kids and swindling them.
and then disinfecting those drug addicts who drove them to death.
The jobs you refuse. that's our job.
Ah. this is so frustrating.
They are nationwide mafia.
It's like a fugu poison sac where everyone dies if you touch it wrong.
So what do you expect me to do?
You work so comfortably. weighing and picking.
It's my authority.
Authority comes with responsibility.
Then why don't you try it yourself!
There's nothing I can't do.
And Toro. he's a clean guy. even if you check him thoroughly.
He's skilled.
Now. acknowledge him as a colleague and buy him a meal. huh?
Now that I see it. your father was very young.
Was that when you were just a snot-nosed kid?
Yes.
At that time. Godmother was also in her prime. right!
Why are you leaving already? You just got here. stay a bit longer.
Don't you plan to grow your fingernails?
What?
You used to be flashy. Paint them. do something.
Why?
Should I tear your face to shreds?
You must have something to do before that.
You lay there like a dog and received treatment.
Then...
You left a witness there.
If the company finds out. won't you end up like Jang-bi?
Now I know who you are.
You know?
Me?
I know.
The guy who's trying hard to die.
Yeah. even if you're past your prime.
they say you're done for if you get on Godmother's bad side. right?
There aren't just one or two contractors who follow her.
So don't show up in front of me. okay?
If you want to live long.
Why don't you be more selective about who you take on?
I'll handle it myself. Godmother. okay?
Where is this crazy bastard. trying to die?
Alright. if it's not money. and it's not justice.
then what on earth is your purpose for being here. huh?
Legend.
You came to the right place. your eyes are good!
"A child left alone after their father's death."
"From orphanage to psychiatric hospital."
What should I do with you now?
Don't pick at your side dishes. okay. Haeni?
Yes. sir! You do well. Dad.
- Alright. have a good trip.
- Jiwoo. Kim Jiwoo.
Hey. aren't you going to clean that up?
- Yes. I'm sorry.
- Apologize.
- Apologize for what. this person is really...
- Apologize!
Someone who knows better. why are you doing this. really!
Ugh. really. stop it!
I told you to apologize!
- Hello.
- Oh. yes.
Oh. welcome!
These peaches just came out. they're as sweet as honey.
- Shall we go with that?
- Ah. how many should I give you?
Ah. 4 is enough?
That's a bit many?
Oh. when you start eating. 4 goes by quickly.
She's 7. but her skills are good. right?
Yes.
Her mom must be an angel.
Yes. she's in heaven.
How did...
Her surgery relapsed.
She was bedridden for 5 years and then just passed away meaninglessly.
After that incident. our son-in-law can't sleep at night.
So he just goes around working night shifts everywhere.
And he does that one-person protest or whatever. that makes no sense.
He's been doing that for years.
He says it's...
Courtesy to the dead or something...
Oh dear. I'm talking nonsense again...
I'll give you another one of these overripe peaches.
People don't buy them if they're a bit bruised. but this one's even tastier.
It's really delicious.
- I'll enjoy it.
- Come again.
Oh. Haeni? Dad's here!
- Huh?
- Haeni.
Dad! Why are you so late?
Uh. did you eat?
Yes. I missed you.
Haeni. just a moment.
Sir. sir!
Sir.
Why did you come?
Our family has nothing to do with it.
Why?
Huh?
You must have seen what I carry around?
You're a good person.
You saved an abandoned child.
I'm not a good person.
That's an answer only a good person could give.
Is Muyong doing well?
Muyong?
Because he seemed like a brave child. I just...
You really have no talent for naming things.
Why don't you go to the hospital?
Afraid of getting fired? From the company?
Must be a scary company if you're 'afraid of getting fired'.
Then if your wound gets worse. make sure to stop by my place.
And go for walks with Muyong more often.
I'm not sure what to call you.
By any chance. your name is...
Do you also think I'm a good person?
Muyong.
Yes. from today. your name is Muyong.
This prime land has been here for over 40 years already.
How great would it be to tear it all down and build anew?
But it's not as easy as it sounds. is it?
In front of herbivores born in this state.
there's an old lion stubbornly holding its ground.
It seemed like all his claws had fallen out. why?
Has he never made a mistake while hunting until now?
It was perfect. Unbelievably so.
Like a legend that's both adored and feared.
Those humans. huh? They can't stand that.
Oh. what on earth happened?
There was an original gentleman named Ryu who first laid the foundation here.
Oh. this bastard.
I'm late because I came back from performing the 49th-day memorial service.
Just in case our family couldn't leave this world.
On that person's death anniversary. to get revenge.
she disinfected 28 people all by herself.
Our Godmother.
After that day. she even changed her name from 'Fingernail' to 'Fragment'.
But when was that. anyway?
Expired waste should be disposed of. shouldn't it?
Guardian.
Hello. Grandma.
Oh. hello.
You came out for a walk with Muyong.
Can I play with them?
- Yes. of course.
- Haeni.
- Wow.
- Here.
Muyong. let's go.
- Haeni. don't go too far.
- Yes.
The child is very...
She seems smart.
She takes a lot after her mother.
Did you hear that? To my mother-in-law.
A perfectly healthy person. overnight...
The hospital director told me.
Anyone trying to profit.
at first. they all talk about sincere apologies and whatnot. really.
At that time. hah...
Should I have just bitten my tongue off?
Or as much as I wanted to. I just...
Do you want to kill them?
Would you like to have a meal together?
We were already on our way to lunch.
No. I just... Oh. you're here?
Let's go together. We're all just trying to make a living.
Sorry. Grandma. I have to go.
Please. let's go together.
I have a presentation next week. Grandma. you should come too.
Oh dear? I can't go to places like that.
No! I practiced my dance really hard!
Haeni. why are you like this today?
You don't need to worry about it.
Eat quickly.
Fragment.
Fragment?
My name.
One fragment. two fragments...
- Three fragments. four fragments... - Haeni. tsk.
It means 'beast's claw'.
- Oh. was it? I didn't know. - Look here.
Haeni. I told you not to do that without adult permission.
Look at this. it came out well. right?
- Give me your number. I'll send it to you. - Haeni!
Ah. I'm sorry.
Oh no. Dad. what about that?
Someone must have broken it and ran away.
Isn't that really expensive?
Oh. hello.
How did you come?
An old hunting dog...
There's one.
It's doing things it wouldn't normally do.
Why is that?
Huh?
Like being swayed by trivial things.
Or becoming cowardly.
Or coveting things it didn't eat before.
Ah. if it's psychosomatic. I think you've come to the wrong place.
- This is a hospital. - Because it's an animal hospital.
Humans too.
Animals.
Aren't they?
That's true. but I can't treat people.
That's strange.
I thought you treated people too.
Hello.
Oh. Kkangchi's mother.
- He's not eating. - Oh dear. that must be tough.
- Come in. - Yes.
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Oh. Mother. strawberries. I want strawberries!
Oh. strawberries are already out of season.
What about this Hallabong?
This California orange is sweeter.
How is this sweeter?
Mister. this.
I have a presentation next week. please come!
Oh dear? Uncle is a bit busy.
No! I practiced my dance really. really hard!
- Really? Then let's see. - Oh. good job.
- Oh. you're good. - Oh. she's good.
The owner of Haeni Fresh Produce is very clever.
What are you doing?
No. these are old. wrinkled. and bruised.
But they taste the same.
People don't know and just buy pretty. fresh ones. they say?
Mr. Kang's family.
If you touch even a hair on them...
Are you serious?
Wow. that scholar is quite talented.
Melting even an icy person.
I'll leave. so stop it.
What?
If only I'm gone. there will be no threat to Shinseong Disinfection.
and that innocent person will be safe.
I don't want to.
How can you put down your knife just for that one person.
and dream of retirement or a normal life or whatever?
What. as you get older. what happens?
Like bacteria seeping into cracked skin. something strange invades?
Compassion. guilt. what...
What. the desire to protect...
What. are those feelings welling up. or what?
What is your purpose for being here. huh?
Purpose?
It's funny how people are.
They don't know where they're going themselves. but they pry into where others are going.
Do you even know where you're going right now?
Well. anyway.
What does age matter. huh?
You have the freedom to look as much as you want.
But you don't have the right. do you?
Hey. huh?
Who would buy this for the same money?
Go inside and rest.
I'm fine.
I'll look into a new ID and ticket for you.
I don't need it.
I will stay where I want to be.
Do as you please.
But from now on.
neither you nor I
should create anything to protect.
It's already been 10 years. You've worked hard.
Use that to protect Shinseong Disinfection well.
Oh my!
- No. what... - Oh. oh. what is it?
Hey. what are you?
Ugh. why is it like this today?
- Oh. Director. Director! - Director. Director!
Director. what's wrong?
Just a moment.
- What do we do? - Director!
To the emergency room!
- To the hospital quickly! - Are you okay?
Is the grudge deep?
To hit him in front of a child.
Well.
the client's condition is confidentiality. so I can't really tell you...
Why leave Tuu. that obedient guy. and why...
did you specifically choose a female contractor. the same age as the victim.
that I have to ask you directly?
Rather than someone else stepping in and making a mess.
it's better for Godmother to clean it up neatly...
Huh? What. damn.
Who is the client?
Oh. Godmother.
Why are you doing this to me!
Why was Kang Bong-hoe targeted?
Anyone who pries gets an instant execution.
That's the rule you made. Godmother.
That wasn't made to catch fish.
It's to catch the ocean.
You don't even know where the ship is going.
The hospital director's son said Kang Bong-hoe killed his mother.
So he wants revenge.
And he gave us a lot of money.
Kang Bong-hoe is not that kind of person.
It is strange.
He said he was the hospital director's son. but he was wearing a fake watch.
Ugh!
Chief Son said we should just take it because it's money.
but just in case.
I did some background checks.
Maid Cheon? This is where she plays. you son of a bitch!
Let's see how much guts you have!
- Is this guy bluffing? - Damn. are you scared. are you scared?
Damn. are you gonna do it or quit. you bastard?
All in. you bastard!
Ah. you damn son of a bitch. really a dog
Ah. who is this bastard? Ah. hey!
Kang Bong-hoe. why did you ask to be killed?
Who?
Ah. I really don't know. I really don't know.
I just did what I was told after getting paid.
By whom?
I. I. I did it by phone. by phone. call. call.
There's a phone in my back pocket. right?
- Uh. make a call. - Yes.
Oh. why?
Ah. yes. some woman is...
Granny.
I don't think you should be playing with the scraps over there right now.
What do you want?
Equal destruction?
It's almost Mr. Kang's quitting time.
What. should I help you again this time?
Just a moment. just a moment.
Ah. thank you.
Are you okay?
- Oh. be careful. oh my. - Are you okay?
Teacher! No. teacher!
Please don't leave me alone.
I'm sorry.
How did you know to come here?
- That's a relief. - Yes?
You don't have to worry about us.
No. it's not.
Excuse me.
Just to me.
don't you have anything to say?
You've gotten a little thinner.
Be sure to eat your meals.
How is it? Does your heart beat a little?
Why are you making it so complicated?
It's useless if you don't think for yourself.
Go and take care of it now. why are you doing this in front of me?
Yeah. right.
I just want to see a legendary ending. I guess.
- You must be disappointed. - I am disappointed.
In myself.
Because I've wandered my whole life trying to find this kind of crappy thing.
Stop it.
If it were me. you've already found it.
No.
I haven't found it yet.
The real match isn't this.
Retirement? Don't even dream of it. and.
you can never beat me.
Because you have something to protect.
and I have nothing to lose.
Welcome.
- Oh. this place is so nice! - Shall we sit here?
- The scent is so good. - I can't wait any longer.
Daughter. no.
Two sons. no.
98. 99.
No.
Ah. the one who was supposed to start working today...
Hello.
Allergy.
Give me water.
Uh. dinner is...
It's fine.
When does your father come home?
He comes after 12. There are many days he doesn't come home.
How long has it been?
Ten days?
Aren't you tired?
Ah. hey. what the.
I'm sorry. I'll clean it up right away.
Oh. what the.
Who untied all my shoelaces?
You're aiming for my back of the head.
Listen carefully.
If I don't come back. you're going out that way.
Don't foolishly wait and starve to death.
Find a new owner. or rummage through trash cans.
Survive somehow.
Just don't get caught by the dog catcher.
Are you saying Han-seong will attack that guy's hideout?
I'm going to do what Shinseong Disinfection. as I know it. does.
Killing bugs and saving sick people.
That Hong Yeo-sa case.
it's not something that will end by disinfecting one drug addict.
Why don't you just deal with easy stuff like a veterinarian
and why are you making a fuss about stirring up a hornet's nest again?
It's a real war. If you mess with that.
even if it's Godmother. it's hard to do it alone.
This is my last disinfection in my life.
Whether I live or die. I'll disappear. so this is your responsibility from now on.
If you're so worried about me. attach a lighthouse.
That guy. Tuu.
Oh. you suddenly came in like this and told me that. what should I do?
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. Jumi. Jumi.
- Bon appétit! - Itadakimasu!
What is it?
Were you happy sucking on other people's tears?
It was an old hag?
But what bastard sent this wrinkled old woman!
Who is it?
Oh Gwang-ryeol? Jeon In-deuk?
Surely not Madam Hong?
What does it matter who you die by?
Why you die is important.
CEO!
Hey! Go prepare that old woman's funeral!
Wow!
Godmother Jo-gak.
This can't be done. no matter what.
Even if it's Godmother. this is too dangerous. really.
You'll die if you go. really.
Do as you please. damn it.
Hey! Catch that bitch!
Catch her. catch her!
Hey. find her quickly!
Ah. what is it?
Hey. come quickly!
Tuu?
Why him?
Where is he now?
No. are you crazy to push the next ace into mortal danger?
And Godmother. there's a quota for compassion for everyone.
Veterinarian Kang Bong-hoe. you kept him alive because of a private connection. didn't you?
That's why you gave up on the disinfection too.
Tsk.
You've lived too long. Godmother.
Hey!
I got him! He's in front of Room 4!
Damn it. if you're old. just die. Why are you trying so hard to live?
Excuse me. Chief Son.
This is different. How much money have we poured into this?
How could you let the business go to waste. damn it!
He should have died several times already.
Why are you complaining so much when good fortune has come your way. huh?
Let's meet and settle this... Ah. damn it.
What are you going to do. apologize?
I'm tired. let's just finish this.
You bug.
Eat some on your way.
Kids. get some nutrition!
- Wow. - Good.
Hey. do it thoroughly.
Eat a lot.
Oh. grandma.
Let's finish quickly and go.
Hey. hey. stop.
Hey. stop! Hey. block him!
Hey! I said stop. you jerk!
It's not over yet. is it?
What. is it your son?
Yes.
He is family.
Damn it!
Where is he. damn it!
Where is he!
Are you okay? Huh?
Ugh. go die!
Are you worried?
Yes.
Then attach Tuu as a lighthouse. you yourself.
Chief Son has no intentions.
Will Tuu go just because I attach him?
Just do as I tell you.
Have a meal before you go.
How can you cook in that state?
I can cook a meal for a colleague.
Normal people.
What?
they'd eat like this often. wouldn't they?
But how did you become an exterminator?
Usefulness.
- Huh? - When I was little.
I was so hungry.
I stole and ate some bellflower roots from next door.
But they were wild ginseng.
My family was ruined paying for them.
and I was kicked out that way.
I wandered from maid to maid.
often beaten.
abandoned. and running away again.
Everyone told me to go die.
That I was a useless woman in this world.
Then. when I was sixteen.
I met someone who accepted me as family.
What's your name?
Min Seol-hwa.
A pretty name.
She fed me. gave me a place to sleep.
and gave me work.
And from that person.
I heard the word 'useful' for the first time.
Don't dodge like that.
If you use your reflexes just any time.
you're showing off that you're an exterminator.
Hide it even if your head breaks. understood?
Yes.
Let's stop here for today.
I think this work is sacred.
Each and every one of us is saving this world.
Even if no one knows.
I'm envious. I also had someone like that.
like family.
Just for a moment.
How is it?
Do you remember? When we first met?
Was that 25 years ago?
Hello?
I'm sorry. Do-young.
Wow. this is touching. isn't it?
Of course.
You must have known why I came looking for you. right?
It's not enough to kill him myself.
so why would I hand over a long-standing revenge to someone else in such a trivial way?
I have to play with him until the very end.
If you just accept everything they give you.
you'll end up dead.
Especially when you open your heart to someone you call a colleague.
On purpose?
Did you fail on purpose?
Knowing I would come?
Fifty-fifty.
But you're definitely the type to find me.
No wonder.
It was too...
messy.
Think of it as being scratched by an animal's claw.
See you in hell.
I sent the one you cherish to his grave.
I shouldn't have let you in.
When did you ever let me in?
I did all this for us.
for Shinseong Disinfection.
It was all for us!
Yes. you worked hard.
If it were your father.
what choice would he make?
You'll do it. right?
All the unfinished business.
burn it all here.
And you leave too.
- Oh. good job. - Hae-ni.
Dad.
Ah. whose daughter is that? Huh? Oh dear!
- High five. - Good job. high five.
High five!
- Did you see me? - You did so well.
- Oh dear. no. where did she go? - Mother. I'll see you next time.
- You did so well. - Teacher.
Ah. yes. Hae-ni's father. hello.
- Hello. Grandma. - Um. Hae-ni...
Oh. Hae-ni? She left first just a moment ago.
- Then I'll look for the restroom. - Yes.
Then I'll look further inside.
Hae-ni! Hae-ni!
Go.
Gotcha.
I'm sorry. you grabbed me so suddenly.
Isn't this wrong? Why even a child?
What?
Are you going to pretend you don't see this?
I thought about it at the gates of hell. and Hae-ni seemed so pitiful.
It's obvious she'll be left alone like us.
I know that feeling well from experience.
This goes against my principles.
but I feel so bad that I can't help it.
This is the problem with humans.
When they're down. principles and everything else lose meaning.
You understand. right?
I'll prepare a big party.
Then only grandma comes.
Happy Land.
Who are you. really? What do you want?
You absolutely cannot report it.
I'll bring her back.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Report it immediately.
Trust me.
Hae-ni will be safe.
He's after me.
Hae-ni. please... huh?
Is it because I saved him that day?
I saved someone I shouldn't have.
Is that it?
Even so. I don't regret it. Treating you.
Because it was the right thing to do.
Why aren't you going?
Goodbye.
Mu-yong. do you remember what I said?
Mu-yong!
Ugh. damn it...
Check. blind spot rooftop.
All clear.
Third floor. third floor!
Keep your distance. keep your distance.
It's open!
Team B entering third floor.
Cover the third floor.
Fifth floor!
Go to the stairs next to you!
Help me!
Why can't I see him?
Entering from both sides!
Come out!
You don't touch kids.
That's your only rule. right?
Don't kick!
Alright then.
Drop your gun.
Why is it taking so long?
I thought I'd die waiting.
So. what you've prepared is this kind of farce?
I was worried that the old revenge would end trivially. weren't you?
Well. I guess.
The so-called colleagues are just too incompetent.
This bastard. I've been patient enough. you son of a...
- You young punk. have you no respect? - Lieutenant Lee.
I've pulled all the advance payment. Is there a problem?
Because of your idiotic actions. all our men died.
Didn't you know they were bullet shields from the start?
Say that again.
Hey. you crazy bitch. do you still think you're the godmother?
Get up!
Hey. get up!
You. damn it!
See? I told you she's not an easy opponent.
I'll go up and give you a generous final payment.
Go safely.
Ugh. you bastards.
Why are you acting so disappointingly?
I'll cut off your ears.
The rest too!
What do I have to do to make you send the child back?
Send back what? Just take her yourself.
Why do you keep dragging Mr. Kang into this. between you and me?
That veterinarian is someone to be protected.
And I'm trash that needs to be cleaned up?
Seems so.
Why are you doing this to me?
And you. you're the one who is
discarded waste. aren't you?
Because you're old and useless.
Someone said that when someone gets old and useless.
they shouldn't be thrown away.
You can never protect Mr. Kang.
Because I'm going to kill him.
All his family too.
How are you going to protect anything like that?
Grandma. ah!
If you keep this up.
I'll throw her first.
- No! - You bastards. you're all dead!
Ugh. damn it.
What to do?
The winner gets to ride in grandma's car. huh?
You learned wrong.
If you treat others like bugs.
you become as insignificant as a bug yourself.
Sorry. I'm self-taught.
Can I kill her?
Oh. weren't you planning not to?
Look where.
What. is it over?
You don't like it?
When does your dad come home?
He comes after 12.
And there are many days he doesn't come home.
You should go to sleep now. okay?
By the way. what music are you listening to?
Oh. this?
Listen to this when you're having a hard time.
This...
This isn't right.
Are you giving this to me?
Isn't two a bit unfair?
Should I throw one away?
As you please. but you'll regret it.
I definitely returned it.
Thanks for that.
Bae Do-young.
When your father comes home with money.
didn't I tell you to come out immediately and
greet him. huh. you bastard!
Who do you take after to be so weak?
You idiot!
Boss!
What is it. damn it!
You're a legend. is this all you can do?
This is emergency report 112.
I've been kidnapped. Please call my dad.
Kang Hae-ni. Please track my location quickly and rescue me... Ah!
Always remember this.
This is the seed sown by the old woman. I'm not like others. I keep my promises.
I'm not like others. I keep my promises.
Promise?
Have a good trip.
Still don't know? How foolish.
Are you stalling for time?
Because of her?
Please.
Look at me.
Me!
Don't be too upset.
I think I'll be joining you soon.
Finally.
you've arrived.
This time. I won.
Because I'm
leaving
before you.
- Have a good trip. - Yes.
Make sure to take your lunch medicine.
Why were you nice to me?
Even though you wouldn't
recognize me.
Do-young. where are you going?
To get my indoor shoes.
You didn't see anything.
Forget it.
Can't I come with you?
Next time. when you're a little older.
I'll
come find you.
Promise.
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Because I was scared.
What if you don't
remember?
Do you remember everything now?
Yes.
How?
When a person is about to die.
their life flashes before their eyes.
Promise me.
The day will surely come when you'll be stronger than your dad.
Until then. live with a knife in your heart.
Sleep well tonight.
Tomorrow will be better.
Together?
What?
Can't we go to Happyland?
Happyland?
The amusement park.
All my friends bragged about going.
No?
Shall we?
Liar.
You didn't answer.
It seems
your time
to go
hasn't come yet.
Now.
do you know how to swallow pills?
This is our new family member.
Ryu.
It's not because you created something to protect.
In the end. we are all just
beings that break and disappear. aren't we?
Dad. why did you come home so early today?
But living with that loss
doesn't seem so bad.
- Hallelujah! - Hallelujah!
- Amen! - Amen!
Even though I was in prison.
the people who sued me.
the two-faced bastards.
whoever they were.
not once did I resent them.
- Amen! - Amen!
Hey. husband. today
you need to keep our Mihyang warm.
And not yet. Ryu.
it seems your time to go hasn't come yet.
There's a lot to do.
English Subtitle by Filmaholic
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org